Oh
how's it going everybody noble warrior
99 here and today I am back with another
daily desi video now in this video I
will be discussing the new Queens
armaments which are the new weapons
coming with the house of wolves in the
prison of elders now these will drop at
the end of prison of elders raids down
at the loot chests with random perks and
they can also be reforged now starting
off with the tech une force we have a
very nice looking fusion rifle now I
really do enjoy the look of these new
Queens armaments I feel that the color
of pink duly suits the new prison of
elders weapons as well as the overall
house of wolves theme now for the perk
that is coming with this weapon we will
be getting the hidden hand perk which
allows this weapon to gain better target
acquisition now this perk is only with
the weapon seen on screen right here but
I do believe that can change considering
that the perks can have separate roles
on each of the prison of Elder weapons
now next up we have the payment VI now I
am not quite sure what some of these
perks are but I do know that this weapon
in the picture has the small bone perk
which increases range and stability
while giving the weapon a slower reload
and a reduced magazine size next up on
the list we have her mercy now Willis
gaming actually has gameplay of this
weapon on his channel so I will link
that in the description down below for
you guys to go check out but this weapon
has the triple tap Kirk which says
rapidly landing precision shots will
return one round to the magazine now
this hand cannon is one of the best
looking hand cannons that I have seen so
far in the game so I would like to pick
this up for myself hopefully I can get
it on day one but if not hopefully in
the first week now moving on to the next
Queens armament we have the Wolfsbane
machine gun now this looks like it is
going to be in arc damage machine gun
and for the perks that this specific
weapon has it also has these small bone
perk which increases the range and
stability while giving it a slower
reload and reduced magazine size now the
rate of fire and impact make it seem
like this weapon will be very useful in
PvP
although there are some similar weapons
like the against all odds as well as the
Joel ders hammer after that we have her
benevolence which is the Queen's
armament sniper rifle now this weapon
once again has these small bone perk
although i do believe it could be casket
mag as well as oiled flame considering
that all of these perks look very
similar now also this weapon does look
like it has surplus on the very right
hand corner so that would be a great
addition for this sniper rifle for PvP
as well as PBE now lastly we have her
right hand which is an auto rifle that
reads the Royal Guards weapon of choice
so this weapon looked like it will not
be too useful it does not have any burns
on it and be rate of fire isn't all the
way up it should be decent in PvP but I
most likely will not be using this
weapon very much in PvE considering its
stats and no elemental damage on the
weapon but I hope you guys enjoy this
video if you did make sure and smash
that like button down below let me know
in the comment sections as well which
one of these weapons is your favorite is
it based on look or just purely the
impact and statistics and I hope you
guys have a fantastic rest of the day
you have not already subscribed feel
free to do so down below and I will see
you tomorrow thank you very much for
watching this is noble warrior 99 and
I'm out pace
you